Update group-policy-analytics.md (#2819)
MicrosoftDocs/memdocs: memdocs/intune/configuration/group-policy-analytics.md

- This feature is in public preview. For more information, go to [Public preview in Microsoft Intune](../fundamentals/public-preview.md).

> ## Export GPO as an XML file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Export a GPO as an XML file
```

1. On your on-premises computer, open the `Group Policy Management` console (GPMC.msc).

> 2. In the manageent console, expand your **domain name**.
> 3. Then expand **Group Policy Objects** to see all the available GPOs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the management console, expand your **domain name**.
3. Expand **Group Policy Objects** to see all the available GPOs.
```

4. Right-click the GPO you want to migrate and choose **Save report**:

    :::image type="content" source="./media/group-policy-analytics/sample-group-policy-object-save-report.png" alt-text="Open Group Policy management and save a GPO as an XML file report.":::

4. Select an easily accessible folder for your export and choose "Save as type" **XML File**. You'll add this file in Endpoint Manager group policy analytics.

> Be sure the file is less than 4 MB and has a proper unicode encoding. 
> If the exported file is greater than 4 MB, then you must reduce the amount of settings within the selected group policy object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that the file is less than 4 MB and has a proper Unicode encoding. 
If the exported file is greater than 4 MB, you must reduce the number of settings within the selected group policy object.
```

## Import GPOs and run analytics

1. In the [Microsoft Endpoint Manager admin center](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2109431), select **Devices** > **Group Policy analytics (preview)**.

> 2. Select **Import**, and then select your saved XML file (you can select multiple files at once). When you select the XML file, Intune automatically analyzes the GPO in the XML file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select **Import**, and then select your saved XML file (you can select multiple files at the same time). When you select the XML file, Intune automatically analyzes the GPO in the XML file.
```
